docs: document `partitioned` attribute of `useCookie` (#27297)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/2.composables/use-cookie.md

### `httpOnly`

Specifies the `boolean` value for the [`HttpOnly` `Set-Cookie` attribute](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6265#section-5.2.6). When truthy, the `HttpOnly` attribute is set; otherwise it is not. By default, the `HttpOnly` attribute is not set.

::warning
Be careful when setting this to `true`, as compliant clients will not allow client-side JavaScript to see the cookie in `document.cookie`.
::

### `secure`

Specifies the `boolean` value for the [`Secure` `Set-Cookie` attribute](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6265#section-5.2.5). When truthy, the `Secure` attribute is set; otherwise it is not. By default, the `Secure` attribute is not set.

::warning
Be careful when setting this to `true`, as compliant clients will not send the cookie back to the server in the future if the browser does not have an HTTPS connection. This can lead to hydration errors.
::

### `partitioned`

> Specifies the `boolean` value for the [`Partitioned` `Set-Cookie`](rfc-cutler-httpbis-partitioned-cookies) attribute. When truthy, the `Partitioned` attribute is set, otherwise it is not. By default, the `Partitioned` attribute is not set.

Reviewer: Looks like this link needs to be updated.

Author: Good spot, replaced the link 👍

> Specifies the `boolean` value for the [`Partitioned` `Set-Cookie`](rfc-cutler-httpbis-partitioned-cookies) attribute. When truthy, the `Partitioned` attribute is set, otherwise it is not. By default, the `Partitioned` attribute is not set.

Author: ```suggestion
Specifies the `boolean` value for the [`Partitioned` `Set-Cookie`](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-cutler-httpbis-partitioned-cookies#section-2.1) attribute. When truthy, the `Partitioned` attribute is set, otherwise it is not. By default, the `Partitioned` attribute is not set.
```
